README.md, before:

# TradeTact

**TradeTact** is a sophisticated Python application designed for traders and analysts who seek a tactical approach to market analysis. Leveraging advanced technical analysis techniques, TradeTact provides insights into market trends and patterns, helping users make informed trading decisions.

## Features

- **Technical Indicators**: Calculate key indicators such as Moving Averages, RSI, and MACD to understand market momentum and trends.
- **Pattern Detection**: Identify crucial candlestick patterns like Bullish/Bearish Engulfing, Harami, Hammer, and more to anticipate market movements.
- **Support and Resistance Levels**: Determine strong support and resistance levels using local minima and maxima, enhancing your trading strategy.
- **Bollinger Bands**: Analyze market volatility and potential price movements with Bollinger Bands.
- **Comprehensive Analysis**: Integrate multiple indicators and patterns for a holistic view of the market.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository**: 
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/TradeTact.git
   cd TradeTact
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Run the Application**:
   ```bash
   python streamlit_app.py
   ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request or open an Issue for any bugs or feature requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

README updated to run with docker

README.md, after:

# TradeTact

**TradeTact** is a sophisticated Python application designed for traders and analysts who seek a tactical approach to market analysis. Leveraging advanced technical analysis techniques, TradeTact provides insights into market trends and patterns, helping users make informed trading decisions.

## Features

- **Technical Indicators**: Calculate key indicators such as Moving Averages, RSI, and MACD to understand market momentum and trends.
- **Pattern Detection**: Identify crucial candlestick patterns like Bullish/Bearish Engulfing, Harami, Hammer, and more to anticipate market movements.
- **Support and Resistance Levels**: Determine strong support and resistance levels using local minima and maxima, enhancing your trading strategy.
- **Bollinger Bands**: Analyze market volatility and potential price movements with Bollinger Bands.
- **Comprehensive Analysis**: Integrate multiple indicators and patterns for a holistic view of the market.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository**: 
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/TradeTact.git
   cd TradeTact
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Run the Application**:
   ```bash
   python streamlit_app.py
   ```

## Running with Docker

To run the application using Docker, follow these steps:

1. **Build the Docker Image**:
   ```bash
   docker build -t tradetact .
   ```

2. **Run the Docker Container**:
   ```bash
   docker run -p 8501:8501 tradetact
   ```

This will start the application, and you can access it by navigating to `http://localhost:8501` in your web browser.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request or open an Issue for any bugs or feature requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
